Oh, by the way, little nanny
What's the matter with you being so anxious just now?
Um, is there something urgent at home?
Uh uh
It's cheap if you don't care about things at home
Hey Lin Xi, I have to talk about you
This little nanny has something to do at home
Why don't you let her go home?
Enron, you really reminded me
Sister Xiao Nian, if there is an emergency at your home
Just go back and have a look.
Don't delay.
Madam said so
Then you hurry back
Ok then thanks ma'am
Thank you, sir.
I'll go back first.
How come?
Is there really a problem with the medicine?
How did his spirits improve?
Yo, it's getting late
I'll go back first
Didn't you just come?
Why did you leave so soon?
Oops husband
It's too late to go back
Enron, you should go back and rest early.
I'm so happy to see you
Pay attention to safety
Wife
Am I thinking too much?
But really just look at the bleeding
They don't know anything.
Husband, although I have been sober a lot recently
But I still feel tired
Is it a side effect of this medicine?
Since he's dying
To allay his doubts
If you want to stop him first
Just enough to get him to tell those two old things
Get what I want
It's possible.
If you feel better
Otherwise, don't take this medicine.
Taking too much medicine is not good for your health.
What do you think?
Listen to your wife so nice
What is his conspiracy?
Why did you suddenly stop taking the medicine on me?